README.md, before:

MPy150
======

version 1.1.2 (05-Sep-2014)


All Python bits are developed by Edwin Dalmaijer. mpdev.dll (version 2.1) is a
proprietary library, created by [BIOPAC Systems, Inc.](http://www.biopac.com/)

MPy150 is open source software and therefore free to use and modify at will.
Warranty, however, is NOT given. If this software fails, causes your computer
to blow up, your spouse to leave you, your toilet to clog and/or the entire
supply of nuclear missles on earth to launch, or anything else that you might
want to blame on us, the author(s) CANNOT IN ANY WAY be held responsible.

MPy150 was released under the GNU Public License (version 3), of which you
should have received a copy of together with the software:

    MPy150 is Python software to communicate via UDP with BioPac's MP150
    Copyright (C) 2014 Edwin S. Dalmaijer

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

Commit message:

Took down mpdev.dll on BIOPAC's request
BIOPAC contacted me to tell me I couldn't include it. Sorry folks,
you'll have to dig it up on your own computer.

README.md, after:

MPy150
======

version 1.1.2 (05-Sep-2014)

**NOTE:** Because BIOPAC wasn't too thrilled about having mpdev.dll
online for free, it is not included with this library. You have to buy it.
And then you can add it to the MPy150 folder. Sorry.

All Python bits are developed by Edwin Dalmaijer. mpdev.dll (version 2.1) is a
proprietary library, created by [BIOPAC Systems, Inc.](http://www.biopac.com/)

MPy150 is open source software and therefore free to use and modify at will.
Warranty, however, is NOT given. If this software fails, causes your computer
to blow up, your spouse to leave you, your toilet to clog and/or the entire
supply of nuclear missles on earth to launch, or anything else that you might
want to blame on us, the author(s) CANNOT IN ANY WAY be held responsible.

MPy150 was released under the GNU Public License (version 3), of which you
should have received a copy of together with the software:

    MPy150 is Python software to communicate via UDP with BioPac's MP150
    Copyright (C) 2014 Edwin S. Dalmaijer

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
